HOST (avatar: joe-scarborough, voice: ryan):
GUEST (avatar: jake-tapper, voice: kusal):


Folks, we've got a bombshell here on Knockoff News! I'm Joe Scarborough, and I'm telling you, this one's gonna shake the very foundations of our great nation.

That's quite an exaggeration, Joe. Sources close to the White House are simply confirming that President Trump has signed an executive order requiring all federal buildings to have in-suite espresso machines and a 24-hour donut delivery service from "Top-Rated Donuts" – or as I've come to learn, my cousin's bakery.


HOST:
Your cousin's bakery? That's just a coincidence! This is about the people, Jake. The American people deserve their coffee fix without breaking the bank. Or should I say, without breaking the donut.


GUEST:
Coincidence? Really, Joe? You know as well as I do that this smells like another sweetheart deal for Trump's buddies.


HOST:
Folks, let me tell you, I was in Congress when we passed the Donut-Fueled Revolution Act of 2005. It was a bipartisan effort, and I'm proud to say that our nation has never been more caffeinated or free.


GUEST:
The Donut-Fueled Revolution Act? You're making this up as you go along, Joe!


HOST:
I'm not making it up! We had a whole committee on it – the House Committee on Donuts and Coffee. I was the chairperson, naturally.


GUEST:
Naturally?


HOST:
Now, now, Jake, don't get your cousin's bakery-hating blood boiling. This is about the people, remember? And I'll have you know that my niece's favorite donut shop, "Donnie's Donuts," has already started selling 'Make America Grind Again' t-shirts.


GUEST:
I'm not sure what's more disturbing – your niece's taste in donuts or the fact that you're still trying to peddle this conspiracy theory.


HOST:
Conspiracy theory? I'm telling it like it is, Jake! You know as well as I do that a free donut with every government cup of coffee will be the spark that ignites the flames of freedom in our nation's capital!


GUEST:
I think what you're actually saying is that your niece's donut shop is getting in on the action and you want to milk this story for all it's worth.


HOST:
That's not fair, Jake! You're just trying to deflect from the real issue here: Donnie's Donuts has the best coffee cake this side of the Mississippi!


GUEST:
Okay, I think we've reached peak absurdity. Let's get back to reality, shall we? Your cousin's bakery stands to profit handsomely from this executive order.


HOST:
My cousin's bakery?! You're my buddy, Jake! We used to have beers together at the White House Correspondents' Dinner!


GUEST:
I think that was just a clever ruse to get us to donate more to the Donut-of-the-Year charity auction. Anyway, I've got it on good authority that President Trump will be hosting an emergency press conference in 10 minutes to announce his plans for nationwide donut-themed amusement parks.


HOST:
Amusement parks?! Now you're just making this up as you go along, Jake! But I'll tell you what – if they have a 'Donnie's Donuts' ride, my niece will be rich!


GUEST:
I think we've finally reached the bottom of the donut hole here. Folks, it looks like Joe Scarborough has been co-opted by his niece's bakery and is now just a shill for free donuts.


HOST:
That's not true! I'm a journalist – an expert in all things coffee and donuts!


GUEST:
Well, in that case, let me ask you: What's the perfect ratio of sprinkles to glaze on a classic glazed donut?

(Host's face turns beet red)


HOST:
Sprinkles?! Glaze?! You want to know about the sprinkles?! I'LL TELL YOU ABOUT THE SPRINKLES – IT'S A SECRET INSTRUMENT OF DONUT-INDUCED MIND CONTROL!