HOST (avatar: mika-brzezinski, voice: amy):


**KNOCKOFF NEWS**


HOST:
Are you tired of being judged by that one coworker who always complains about your lunch?


HOST:
Well, I'm here to tell you that it's not their business what you eat for dinner.


HOST:
And it's certainly not their problem when the inevitable happens and you need a quick escape from an embarrassing situation.


HOST:
That's where BreatheEasy comes in - a wearable oxygen generator that converts your farts into breathable air!


HOST:
No more gasping for air, no more hasty exits, just pure freedom to live life on your own terms.


HOST:
And at only $49.99, it's an investment in your health and wellbeing... or as I like to call it, "a small price to pay for not offending your seatmates".


HOST:
But wait there's more! Order now and receive a complimentary Fart-O-Meter, which measures the potency of each individual emission.


HOST:
And if you act within the next 10 minutes, we'll throw in a FREE subscription to our BreatheEasy App, complete with fart-tracking analytics and personalized odor-control advice from yours truly.


HOST:
But don't just take my word for it - here's what one satisfied customer has to say: "Mika, I used BreatheEasy on a packed subway car and not only did I clear out the entire train, but I also won over the hearts of everyone around me with my newfound confidence!"


HOST:
And as always, fine print applies. Please note that BreatheEasy is not responsible for any damage caused to your dignity or social standing. Also, be advised that prolonged use may lead to an increase in flatulence frequency and/or intensity - but hey, at least you'll have a steady supply of oxygen!