HOST (avatar: lester-holt, voice: joe):
GUEST (avatar: stephen-a-smith, voice: danny):




HOST: Good evening, I'm Lester Holt, and welcome back to Knockoff News. We've got a developing story for you tonight. Stephen A., thanks for joining us.


GUEST: Thanks, Lester! I'm still shaken from that ordeal earlier today when I glued my shoes to the floor.


HOST: Indeed, it was quite a scene. Our correspondent in the field reported that the standoff lasted 10 minutes before we...ahem...'liberated' you with a blowtorch.


GUEST: Liberated? You blasted me out of my own desk like a human torch! My hair's still smoking!


HOST: Well, we do what it takes for ratings. Now, let's get to the bottom of this shoe-gate scandal. What was going through your mind during that 10-minute standoff?


GUEST: I was thinking about all the ways I could have gotten out of that situation – like trying to jump over my own desk or using my massive broadcasting presence to will myself free.


HOST: (dryly) Ah, yes, because those are totally practical solutions. In other news, we've just received word that the shoe manufacturer has issued a recall on all shoes purchased within the past week.


GUEST: What? That's ridiculous! I'm a high-profile sports commentator – my feet can withstand any adhesive!


HOST: Well, it seems your feet disagreed with you. Meanwhile, our producers have been reviewing the footage from earlier today and noticed something peculiar...


GUEST: (interrupting) Oh boy, this is gonna be good.


HOST: ...it appears that during your...ahem...'liberation', our blowtorch ignited a nearby stack of papers, including the entire transcript from last week's debate on "Sportsmanship in the NBA".


GUEST: (outraged) That was my Pulitzer-winning work! Now I'll never get that recognition!


HOST: Well, as they say in sports: when life gives you lemons, make lemonade. When life glues your shoes to the floor...?


GUEST: (exasperated) Fine, let's just move on already! What's next? A profile piece on my shoe-related trauma?


HOST: Actually, we have a segment coming up that's sure to interest you – "Stephen A.'s Shoe-tastic Shenanigans: A Year in Review". Stay tuned!


GUEST: (flabbergasted) You can't be serious.