HOST (avatar: chris-cuomo, voice: ryan):
GUEST (avatar: leland-vittert, voice: kusal):


Breaking news tonight: we have explosive allegations of feline financial impropriety right here in our own studio.

I'm not sure what you're referring to, Chris. But I do know that Mr. Whiskers is a very well-behaved cat.


HOST:
Let me tell you something, Leland. This is about more than just a cute kitty in a sweater. I've done my research, and I have the receipts on Mr. Whiskers' Bitcoin empire!


GUEST:
I'm not sure where you got that information from, but I can assure you that our studio has rigorous security protocols to prevent any sort of financial malfeasance.


HOST:
Rigorous? Ha! I've seen the schematics for this studio's ventilation system, and let me tell you, there are air ducts in here big enough for a cat to smuggle laptops through. You're just covering it up for Mr. Whiskers!


GUEST:
I think we can have a more rational discussion about this, Chris. Perhaps-


HOST:
Rational? This isn't about being rational! I'm talking about a cat who's been secretly trading cryptocurrency while Dan Abrams is out there reading his teleprompter like a good little puppy.


GUEST:
Well, as it happens, Mr. Whiskers has a veterinary-approved certificate for "Feline Financial Literacy" that-


HOST:
Don't even try to spin this! I've got the certificate right here, and it's clearly a forgery. This cat is going down!


GUEST:
I think we should let our producers review the evidence before we make any accusations.


HOST:
Evidence? I don't need evidence when I have my gut telling me that Mr. Whiskers is up to no good! And by the way, has anyone seen my old CNN hat? I could swear I left it in this very studio...


GUEST:
I'm not aware of your hat being anywhere in the vicinity.


HOST:
That's because it's probably been sold on the black market by Mr. Whiskers' Bitcoin laundering operation!


GUEST:
Chris, we need to take a commercial break and-


HOST:
Not until I get my answers about Mr. Whiskers! You're all just part of the cover-up!


GUEST:
I think we'll go to commercial now.

(Studio erupts in chaos as Cuomo physically blocks Abrams' attempts to read from his teleprompter)


HOST:
I've got the receipts on Mr. Whiskers' Bitcoin empire, folks! Stay tuned for our special report after this break...