HOST (avatar: anderson-cooper, voice: cooper):
GUEST (avatar: bill-oreilly, voice: ryan):


Good evening, I'm Anderson Cooper, and welcome to KNOCKOFF NEWS. We have breaking news from Florida, where an inflatable unicorn has descended upon a strip mall, causing quite the commotion.

This is Bill O'Reilly, and let me tell you, this is nothing but a circus, folks! A symbol of everything that's wrong with our society. I've been stuck in traffic behind it for hours, and let me tell you, it's a miracle I didn't have to park within a foot of the entrance.


HOST:
Our correspondent in the field, Anderson Cooper, has arrived on location. Anderson, can you tell us more about this...unusual development?


GUEST:
It's a travesty! An affront to all that is decent and proper. This inflatable unicorn is "judging" people's bumper stickers? It's an attack on our values!


HOST:
Actually, eyewitnesses claim the inflatable unicorn is awarding high scores for good parking jobs and deducting points for those with questionable bumper stickers.


GUEST:
You're just spreading propaganda! I've been watching from my car window, and let me tell you, it's a disaster waiting to happen. I'm surprised no one's been arrested yet.


HOST:
We've spoken to local seniors who are reportedly thrilled by the inflatable unicorn's presence. They seem to be enjoying the entertainment.


GUEST:
Those senior citizens are being taken advantage of! This is a socialist plot to distract them from their Medicare woes!


HOST:
It appears Anderson Cooper has challenged the inflatable unicorn to a dance-off, in an attempt to prove its legitimacy.


GUEST:
Ha! That's the final straw! He thinks he can outdance a majestic creature like this? I'll tell you what's going on here: it's a desperate cry for attention from a washed-up journalist!


HOST:
Our expert analysis suggests that Anderson Cooper has a 3-to-1 chance of winning the dance-off, mainly due to his extensive experience in awkward situations.


GUEST:
You can't be serious! The inflatable unicorn is the clear winner here! It's got the moves, folks – I've seen it prance!


HOST:
In related news, the inflatable unicorn has announced a new line of merchandise, including "I survived the Inflatable Unicorn of Justice" t-shirts.


GUEST:
This is a travesty! A mockery of everything we hold dear! Mark my words: this will be the downfall of our great nation!


HOST:
And in closing, we'd like to remind our viewers that you can get your very own inflatable unicorn at home, complete with a built-in parking sensor and bumper sticker detector. Just call 1-800-KNOCKOFF.


GUEST:
You're just promoting this charlatan's product line! I'm going to report you all to the FCC!


HOST:
We'll be right back after this break, when we'll continue to bring you breaking news from the world of absurdity.

(Guest storms off-camera)


HOST:
And that's a wrap for tonight. Stay ridiculous, folks!