HOST (avatar: jonathan-capehart, voice: danny):
GUEST (avatar: anderson-cooper, voice: cooper):


Welcome back to Knockoff News, where we're always on top of the latest developments in crisis management. I'm Jonathan Capehart.

And I'm Anderson Cooper. We're here today to talk about our new venture, Crisis Confidants. For just $9.99 a month, you can call us for expert advice on handling your most embarrassing personal crises.


HOST:
That's right, Anderson. And by "embarrassing," we mean "life-ruining." Public farting, accidentally tweeting something incriminating – you name it, we've got a solution for it.


GUEST:
Well, Jonathan, as someone who's been in the public eye for years, I've developed a few tricks up my sleeve. Like how to turn a gaffe into a teachable moment.


HOST:
Teachable moment? You mean like that time you wore a "I'm with Stupid" t-shirt to a major news event?


GUEST:
(laughs) Ah, well, that was just a... uh... a clever commentary on the state of modern journalism.


HOST:
(smirking) Of course it was. And speaking of clever commentaries, I've got some expert advice for our viewers: if you're caught farting in public, just claim it's a manifestation of your inner genius and creativity.


GUEST:
Jonathan, that's not exactly what we recommend on the Crisis Confidants hotline. We actually suggest deflecting awkward questions with witty ripostes.


HOST:
Oh, right. Like my classic: "That's not a fart, that's just the sound of my soul being crushed by the patriarchy!"


GUEST:
(laughs) Well, I think we can do better than that, Jonathan. But seriously, folks, if you're struggling with a personal crisis – or just need some general life advice – call us at Crisis Confidants. We're here to help.


HOST:
And don't forget our special offer: order in the next 10 minutes and get a free bonus session on "How to Politely Decline a Second Helping of Aunt Edna's Jell-O Mold at the Family Reunion!"


GUEST:
(smiling) That's right. Because let's be honest, folks – there are some crises that just can't be solved with witty ripostes or clever PR statements.


HOST:
(smirking) Ah, but that's where you're wrong, Anderson. I've got a saying: "When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. And when life gives you Aunt Edna's Jell-O Mold, just decline politely and run for cover."


GUEST:
(laughs) Well, I think we can do better than that, Jonathan. But seriously, folks – call us at Crisis Confidants today and get the expert advice you need to survive your next personal crisis.


HOST:
And don't worry if it doesn't work out – after all, as our slogan says: "A Crisis Confidant is just a phone call away... until you hang up on them in frustration."