HOST (avatar: joe-scarborough, voice: ryan):
GUEST (avatar: mika-brzezinski, voice: amy):



JOE:
I'm telling you, Mika, this Bucks scheme is just another example of the elite trying to take our hard-earned dollars and make us do downward-facing dog for them.

MIKA:
Joe, Joe, focus. We have a serious story here. My sources at the Federal Reserve tell me that the creation of Bucks has already caused a ripple effect in the global economy.

JOE:
Ripple effect? That's just code for "liberal economists trying to make us pay $20 for a latte just to use their fancy currency."

MIKA:
And what about the people who can't even touch their toes, Joe? Are they supposed to be disenfranchised from buying avocado toast?

JOE:
Well, maybe if they had spent more time on their Sunday morning yoga routines, we wouldn't have this problem.

MIKA:
You know who's behind this, don't you? It's those notorious billionaire yahoos – Bezos, Gates, and Bloomberg. They're just trying to line their pockets with Bucks while the rest of us are stuck with worthless dollars.

JOE:
I'm sure it has nothing to do with them wanting to corner the market on artisanal kale chips and organic quinoa.

MIKA:
(shaking her head)
This is a serious story, Joe. We need to get to the bottom of who's behind this scheme and why they're trying to undermine our economy with their hippie nonsense.

JOE:
I've got it! I'll just call my buddy Mitch McConnell and see if he can whip up some legislation to block this Bucks abomination.

MIKA:
You know what? Just go ahead and call Mitch. I'm sure he'll be delighted to take a yoga class on the Senate floor.

JOE:
(suddenly serious)
And you know who else is behind this, Mika? The Bilderberg Group! They're trying to control our minds with their yoga poses and force us to surrender to their dollarless dystopia!

MIKA:
(exasperated)
Joe, you can't just make up conspiracy theories on live TV.

JOE:
(defiantly)
Watch me! (points at the camera)

MIKA:
(throwing her hands up in the air)
That's it, I'm out of here. (stands up and walks off-camera)

JOE:
(triumphantly)
And that's a wrap, folks! The Bucks conspiracy has been exposed! Don't forget to tune in tomorrow when we'll be discussing the latest theories on how aliens are using yoga to control our minds.

camera cuts to black with a graphic reading "BREAKING: Bucks Scandal Rocks Nation"