HOST (avatar: joe-scarborough, voice: ryan):
GUEST (avatar: tucker-carlson, voice: arctic):




HOST:
Tucker Carlson has just confessed to a shocking scandal on Knockoff News – he's been secretly using his Fox News paycheck to fund his own line of artisanal wasabi sauce.


GUEST:
Is that really the takeaway from my appearance today, Joe? Or are you just trying to distract from the real issue: the government's stranglehold on our condiment freedoms?


HOST:
I've seen the receipts, Tucker. You're using Fox News money to import the tears of Siberian huskies – what some have called "the saddest ingredient in a sauce".


GUEST:
You'd know nothing about sadness, Joe. After all, you're just a career politician who's never had to create something from scratch.


HOST:
Actually, I was a successful businessman before entering politics – and I've done my fair share of creating things from scratch... or at least that's what I keep telling myself.


GUEST:
Well, I'm a pioneer in the artisanal condiment space. No one knows more about the nuances of high-end condiments than I do.


HOST:
And by "nuances", you mean the fact that your sauce is made from the actual tears of dogs?


GUEST:
Just... let's just say my products are "whimsy-driven" and leave it at that, shall we? (chuckles) Ah, but you'll see – once people taste the cry-infused essence, they'll be hooked.


HOST:
Whimsy-driven? You're displaying a collection of gleaming, hand-painted wasabi jars on your desk. This is the most ostentatious display of condiment-based ego since the Gilded Age.


GUEST:
Ah, you're just jealous because you can't keep up with the times! I'm not just a news commentator – I'm an entrepreneurial visionary!


HOST:
I think what we have here, folks, is a case of " Fox News-itis" – where anchors become so enamored with their own brand that they start selling condiments to the highest bidder.


GUEST:
That's it – you're just trying to shame me for being successful! I'll have you know, my wasabi sauce has already cleared out the shelves at Whole Foods... and by "cleared out", I mean they had to call in a Hazmat team because of all the tears in the product.


HOST:
And now, we've got a situation where – wait, what's this? (stunned) Are those more jars on your shelf?!


GUEST:
I told you, Joe – my entrepreneurial spirit knows no bounds! And neither does my commitment to using only the finest ingredients... even if they do come with a side of guilt and PTSD for the dogs involved.


HOST:
And finally, folks, we've got confirmation that Tucker Carlson's wasabi sauce has been banned by major retailers worldwide due to "unprecedented levels of canine anguish".


GUEST:
Not banned – just temporarily delayed. I'm already working on my next project: artisanal pickle-flavored catnip. Stay tuned!