HOST (avatar: jonathan-capehart, voice: danny):
GUEST (avatar: lawrence-odonnell, voice: arctic):





HOST:
Well, as some of our viewers may recall, we've been working on a little project to make it easier for people to follow your in-depth analysis of the nuances of gerrymandering.


GUEST:
Ah, yes! I see what's happening here. You're trying to peddle that "Capehart's Cognitive Clarity" nonsense, aren't you?


HOST:
Well, we've had some... enthusiastic responses from viewers who claim it's helped them recall even the most minute details of my discussion with you last week.


GUEST:
(scoffs) I'm not endorsing this product, but I did consult on the label design. And let me tell you, I made sure to include the warning: "Side effects may include: increased irritability, decreased ability to discern fact from fiction."


HOST:
Well, it seems our viewers are willing to try just about anything to keep up with your... unique perspective.


GUEST:
( deadpan) Perspective? This is journalism, Jonathan! We're not here to entertain the masses. Although, I must say, if they want to be entertained, "Capehart's Cognitive Clarity" does have a nice ring to it.


HOST:
And speaking of entertainment, we've had reports that some viewers are using the supplement to recall their favorite moments from our show.


GUEST:
( gravely serious) Which, I might add, include my expert analysis on the 2018 midterm elections and your witty observations about Donald Trump's hairstyle.


HOST:
Well, we're proud to say that "Capehart's Cognitive Clarity" has become a household name... of sorts. And with its patented blend of ginseng, guarana, and a hint of desperation...


GUEST:
(interrupting) Desperation? Jonathan, I think you've been drinking too much of your own product.


HOST:
...you'll be able to recall even the most obscure details about our show's ratings.


GUEST:
(laughing maniacally) Ratings?! You mean like how we averaged a 0.02 share last quarter?


HOST:
Well, that's beside the point! The point is...


GUEST:
(interrupting again) No, Jonathan, the point is: if you can't even remember what show you're watching, perhaps it's time to reconsider your entire career.


HOST:
(pauses, deadpan) Ah... good point.