HOST (avatar: lawrence-odonnell, voice: arctic):
GUEST (avatar: laura-ingraham, voice: amy):




HOST:
I'm here tonight to break a story that will shake the very foundations of this great nation. Sources close to both parties confirm that I have challenged Laura Ingraham to a game of Risk.


GUEST:
That's right, Larry, and it's about time you brought some real patriotism back into this studio.


HOST:
Patriotism? This is about intellectual honesty! I will not be outmaneuvered by your army of rubber chickens.


GUEST:
Rubber chickens are a proven strategy, Larry. You should know that from our extensive research on "ChickenGate".


HOST:
That's it, I've had enough! I demand to see the game board!


GUEST:
Fine, but you have to admit, my team of expert hackers did a fantastic job replacing your armies with rubber chickens.


HOST:
This is not a laughing matter! The very fate of our nation hangs in the balance. I will not be defeated by your...fowl play.


GUEST:
Oh, come on Larry, you're just mad because you can't handle the truth – that my chicken-fortified empire is unstoppable!


HOST:
I'll have you know, I've been studying the art of chicken warfare for years! I've developed a top-secret plan to deploy an army of robotic chickens against your forces.


GUEST:
Robotic chickens? You think those are going to intimidate me? Please, Larry, this is just getting silly.


HOST:
It's not silly when you're facing off against the likes of me and my robotic chicken overlords!


GUEST:
You know what they say, Larry: "you can't handle the truth"...and neither can your fragile ego.


HOST:
That's it, I've had enough! Security, please escort Laura Ingraham out of the studio – she's clearly compromised the integrity of our national game-night traditions!


GUEST:
Too late for that, Larry. The chickens have already laid their eggs...on top of my board, and now they're hatching a plan to take over the world!